resources/contents/collections/speakers/andreas-von-studnitz.md, before:

---
title: "⚡ Navigating Your Career as a Senior Developer: Personal Insights and Lessons Learned"
name: Andreas von Studnitz
img: resources/images/speakers/andreas-von-studnitz.jpg
linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/andreasv1/
website: https://www.hyva.io/
---

## The talk: {{ page.title }}

<p>"Being a senior developer is a great accomplishment, but what comes next can be a confusing and challenging question. Should you stay in development, make the switch to management, or take the entrepreneurial leap? The truth is, there is no single answer. Every developer's journey is unique, and there is no one-size-fits-all career path.</p>

<p>Andreas is a developer who faced this dilemma and recently made a decision that resulted in a major change in the management structure of integer_net. You will hear about the different options he considered and the factors that influenced his choice. This is not a lecture on the ""right"" way to proceed, but rather a personal story about a developer who dared to chart his own course."</p>

## About {{ page.name }}

<p>Andreas von Studnitz is an architect and senior Magento developer at Hyvä. He has only just started there, after 12 years as a co-founder, developer, consultant and long-time managing director at integer_net, a German Magento agency. His main areas of interest are backend development, consulting and giving developer trainings. He was appointed a Magento Master in 2019 and 2020. Andreas is a father of three and likes board games and video games, travelling, cycling, running and skiing.</p>

Commit message:

✨ Create Speaker show page
Signed-off-by: Julio Motol <julio.motol89@gmail.com>

resources/contents/collections/speakers/andreas-von-studnitz.md, after:

---
title: "⚡ Navigating Your Career as a Senior Developer: Personal Insights and Lessons Learned"
description: "Being a senior developer is a great accomplishment, but what comes next can be a confusing and challenging question."
name: Andreas von Studnitz
img: resources/images/speakers/andreas-von-studnitz.jpg
heroImg: resources/images/speakers/hero/andreas-von-studnitz.jpg
socialLinks: 
  - title: Fb
    url: https://www.facebook.com
  - title: Ig
    url: https://www.instagram.com
  - title: Tw
    url: https://www.twitter.com
---

#### The talk: ⚡ Navigating Your Career as a Senior Developer: Personal Insights and Lessons Learned

"Being a senior developer is a great accomplishment, but what comes next can be a confusing and challenging question. Should you stay in development, make the switch to management, or take the entrepreneurial leap? The truth is, there is no single answer. Every developer's journey is unique, and there is no one-size-fits-all career path.

Andreas is a developer who faced this dilemma and recently made a decision that resulted in a major change in the management structure of integer_net. You will hear about the different options he considered and the factors that influenced his choice. This is not a lecture on the ""right"" way to proceed, but rather a personal story about a developer who dared to chart his own course."

#### About Andreas von Studnitz

Andreas von Studnitz is an architect and senior Magento developer at Hyvä. He has only just started there, after 12 years as a co-founder, developer, consultant and long-time managing director at integer_net, a German Magento agency. His main areas of interest are backend development, consulting and giving developer trainings. He was appointed a Magento Master in 2019 and 2020. Andreas is a father of three and likes board games and video games, travelling, cycling, running and skiing.
