resources/contents/collections/speakers/michiel-gerritsen.md, before:

---
title: "Lessons learned from integrating PSPs into the Hyvä Checkout"
name: Michiel Gerritsen
img: resources/images/speakers/michiel-gerritsen.jpg
linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/michielgerritsen/
website: https://www.controlaltdelete.nl/
---

## The talk: {{ page.title }}

<p>The Hyvä checkout is new and awesome, and it uses Magewire. But it does a lot of things differently compared to the Luma checkout, which introduces a learning curve. Next to that, implementing Payment Service Providers (PSPs) is not always as straightforward as it may seem. In this talk I will go over the challenges that I faced while implementing them.</p>

## About {{ page.name }}

<p>I am a freelance backend developer with over 15 years of experience in the e-commerce sector, including 8 years specializing in Magento. My passion lies in crafting clean, testable code that ensures robust and scalable solutions for my clients. When I'm not working on Magento projects, I enjoy 3D printing and caring for my chickens.</p>

Commit message:

✨ Create Speaker show page
Signed-off-by: Julio Motol <julio.motol89@gmail.com>

resources/contents/collections/speakers/michiel-gerritsen.md, after:

---
title: "Lessons learned from integrating PSPs into the Hyvä Checkout"
name: Michiel Gerritsen
img: resources/images/speakers/michiel-gerritsen.jpg
heroImg: resources/images/speakers/hero/michiel-gerritsen.jpg
socialLinks: 
  - title: Fb
    url: https://www.facebook.com
  - title: Ig
    url: https://www.instagram.com
  - title: Tw
    url: https://www.twitter.com
---

#### The talk: Lessons learned from integrating PSPs into the Hyvä Checkout

The Hyvä checkout is new and awesome, and it uses Magewire. But it does a lot of things differently compared to the Luma checkout, which introduces a learning curve. Next to that, implementing Payment Service Providers (PSPs) is not always as straightforward as it may seem. In this talk I will go over the challenges that I faced while implementing them.

#### About Michiel Gerritsen

I am a freelance backend developer with over 15 years of experience in the e-commerce sector, including 8 years specializing in Magento. My passion lies in crafting clean, testable code that ensures robust and scalable solutions for my clients. When I'm not working on Magento projects, I enjoy 3D printing and caring for my chickens.
