resources/contents/collections/speakers/sanne-bolkenstein.md, before:

---
title: "⚡ Rebuilding a community - what we can learn from the success of Mage-OS NL"
name: Sanne Bolkenstein
img: resources/images/speakers/sanne-bolkenstein.jpg
linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/sanne-bolkenstein-12079726/
website: https://www.hyva.io/
---

## The talk: {{ page.title }}

<p>After a few years of very little to no activity in the Dutch Magento community, a new industry association was founded last year: Mage-OS NL. Being part of the original founders and currently still a board member of Mage-OS NL, Sanne knows about rebuilding a Magento community.</p>

<p>Everywhere around the world we see a revival of Magento, fuelled by Mage-OS and Hyvä, proving Magento is still a relevant player in ecommerce, providing performance, cost effectiveness, and a great developer experience. The revival of the Magento community is nowhere as strong as in the Netherlands though, with an official industry association to represent the community, lots of events and new initiatives, culminating in the resurrection of Meet Magento NL last year, which was completely sold out and a huge success.</p>

<p>What's the secret of the Dutch Magento community? Why are competing agencies working so closely together? How's Mage-OS NL trying to be open and inclusive? Sanne will address all these topics in her talk! "</p>

## About {{ page.name }}

<p>Sanne has been working in the Magento ecosystem since 2014. She has extensive experience in commercial roles in amongst others hosting company Hypernode. She currently works as Commercial Director at Hyvä, growing the Hyvä partner network, defining commercial strategy and contributing to product development. She loves working at the intersection of technical innovation and commercial strategy. She is also a board member of Mage-OS Netherlands, and co-organizes Meet Magento Netherlands. This girl loves the Magento community and is passionate about diversity and inclusion!</p>

Commit message:

✨ Create Speaker show page
Signed-off-by: Julio Motol <julio.motol89@gmail.com>

resources/contents/collections/speakers/sanne-bolkenstein.md, after:

---
title: "⚡ Rebuilding a community - what we can learn from the success of Mage-OS NL"
name: Sanne Bolkenstein
img: resources/images/speakers/sanne-bolkenstein.jpg
heroImg: resources/images/speakers/hero/sanne-bolkenstein.jpg
socialLinks: 
  - title: Fb
    url: https://www.facebook.com
  - title: Ig
    url: https://www.instagram.com
  - title: Tw
    url: https://www.twitter.com
---

#### The talk: ⚡ Rebuilding a community - what we can learn from the success of Mage-OS NL

After a few years of very little to no activity in the Dutch Magento community, a new industry association was founded last year: Mage-OS NL. Being part of the original founders and currently still a board member of Mage-OS NL, Sanne knows about rebuilding a Magento community.

Everywhere around the world we see a revival of Magento, fuelled by Mage-OS and Hyvä, proving Magento is still a relevant player in ecommerce, providing performance, cost effectiveness, and a great developer experience. The revival of the Magento community is nowhere as strong as in the Netherlands though, with an official industry association to represent the community, lots of events and new initiatives, culminating in the resurrection of Meet Magento NL last year, which was completely sold out and a huge success.

What's the secret of the Dutch Magento community? Why are competing agencies working so closely together? How's Mage-OS NL trying to be open and inclusive? Sanne will address all these topics in her talk! "

#### About Sanne Bolkenstein

Sanne has been working in the Magento ecosystem since 2014. She has extensive experience in commercial roles in amongst others hosting company Hypernode. She currently works as Commercial Director at Hyvä, growing the Hyvä partner network, defining commercial strategy and contributing to product development. She loves working at the intersection of technical innovation and commercial strategy. She is also a board member of Mage-OS Netherlands, and co-organizes Meet Magento Netherlands. This girl loves the Magento community and is passionate about diversity and inclusion!
