resources/contents/collections/speakers/toon-van-dooren.md, before:

---
title: "Varnish xKey + Magento"
name: Toon Van Dooren
img: resources/images/speakers/toon-van-dooren.jpg
linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/toon-van-dooren-aa735a48/
website: https://www.savvii.com/
---

## The talk: {{ page.title }}

<p>In this talk, we will start from the basics in Varnish, compare different invalidation methods and move on to more complex matters. I will share my experience with xKey (and soft purging) about the good and the bad we have noticed at Savvii.</p>

## About {{ page.name }}

<p>Toon started as a Magento developer at PHPro in 2012. After a while, his tasks were mostly focussed on performance. After taking a short break from Magento to learn more about other languages and frameworks, and work in a high traffic environment, he started working at MageHost as a DevOps and performance specialist. Two years after, MageHost was merged into Savvii.</p>
<p>Toon has a strong interest in complex hosting setups, helping customers solve complex issues and performance tuning.</p>

Commit message:

✨ Create Speaker show page
Signed-off-by: Julio Motol <julio.motol89@gmail.com>

resources/contents/collections/speakers/toon-van-dooren.md, after:

---
title: "Varnish xKey + Magento"
name: Toon Van Dooren
img: resources/images/speakers/toon-van-dooren.jpg
heroImg: resources/images/speakers/hero/toon-van-dooren.jpg
socialLinks: 
  - title: Fb
    url: https://www.facebook.com
  - title: Ig
    url: https://www.instagram.com
  - title: Tw
    url: https://www.twitter.com
---

#### The talk: Varnish xKey + Magento

In this talk, we will start from the basics in Varnish, compare different invalidation methods and move on to more complex matters. I will share my experience with xKey (and soft purging) about the good and the bad we have noticed at Savvii.

#### About Toon Van Dooren

Toon started as a Magento developer at PHPro in 2012. After a while, his tasks were mostly focussed on performance. After taking a short break from Magento to learn more about other languages and frameworks, and work in a high traffic environment, he started working at MageHost as a DevOps and performance specialist. Two years after, MageHost was merged into Savvii.
Toon has a strong interest in complex hosting setups, helping customers solve complex issues and performance tuning.
